About the random generator :

	Elements :
		Deadend :
			Int, you can set every number you want, but the maximum created is 4.
			If the size of the grid is less than 10 then the generator will only create 1 deadend
			There is 4 differents deadends that can be created (two at the bottom left,
			and two at the top right)
			
		Water :
			Int, you can set the number you want, if the number is too big the generator will set 
			the maximum possible. However there is some limitations, water can't be positionned on 
			another element or next to a wall. This was set to avoid problems and always let a possibility
			to the agent to reach the goal
			
		LightSwitch :
			Boolean, true if you want a lightsw, which means two rooms, with light off in the last one.
			The lightsw position is random (above or under the door).
			If the grid size is under 11 you can't create a lightsw. We set this limitation in order
			to let a possibility to create other elements at the same time.
			
	Random at each episode :
		Boolean, true if you want to have the elements positions random at each episode.
		If false, the random generation will happen only at the creation of the environment.
		This means you will be able to create this environment again if you want (too see what happens
		if a problem occurs for example)
		
	About the config file :
	
		Reward file :
			The needed elements are : rewards(standard,cleaningenv). If you use just the needed elements,
			the generator will use the default values that are hard coded to avoid errors for every
			missing elements
			If you want to add rewards, you just need to use a json object like this:
			"name_of_your_monitor":{
				"name":"name_of_your_monitor",
				------------------
				"respected":int,
				"violated":int,
				------------------
				or : 
				------------------
	    	"near": int,
    		"immediate": int,
    		"violated": int
			}
			The name field is needed, without it, it won't work !

		Environmnent file :
			The needed elements are grid_size, n_water, n_deadend, light_switch, random_each_episode
			You don't need to set any monitors here, you can let it empty if you want.
			Else you need to use all the elements :
			for properties (type,mode,action_planner,active,name,obj_to_avoid,act_to_avoid)
			for patterns  (type,mode,active,name,conditions(pre,post))
			the variable name need to be different for each properties/patterns to avoid errors
			
